Final project

Your task: to write and test a Telegram bot that will implement the following functionality:

The bot returns the price for a certain amount of currency (euro, dollar or ruble).
When writing a bot, you must use the pytelegrambotapi library.
A person should send a message to the bot in the form <currency name whose price he wants to know> <currency name in which the price of the first currency is to be found> <number of the first currency>.
Entering the /start or /help command will prompt the user for instructions on how to use the bot.
When you enter the /values ​​command, information about all available currencies should be displayed in a readable form.
To take the exchange rate, you need to use the API and send requests to it using the Requests library.
To parse the received responses, use the JSON library.
If the user makes a mistake (for example, an incorrect or non-existent currency is entered, or a number is entered incorrectly), throw a self-written APIException with the text explaining the error.
The text of any error indicating the type of error should be sent to the user in messages.
To send requests to the API, describe a class with a static get_price() method that takes three arguments: the name of the currency you want to know the price of - base, the name of the currency you want to know the price in - quote, the amount of the transferred currency - amount and returns desired amount in currency.
Store the telegramm bot token in a special config (you can use a .py file).
Hide all classes in the extensions.py file.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Контрольный проект

Ваше задание: написать и протестировать Telegram-бота, в котором будет реализован следующий функционал:

Бот возвращает цену на определённое количество валюты (евро, доллар или рубль).
При написании бота необходимо использовать библиотеку pytelegrambotapi.
Человек должен отправить сообщение боту в виде <имя валюты цену которой он хочет узнать> <имя валюты в которой надо узнать цену первой валюты> <количество первой валюты>.
При вводе команды /start или /help пользователю выводятся инструкции по применению бота.
При вводе команды /values должна выводиться информация о всех доступных валютах в читаемом виде.
Для взятия курса валют необходимо использовать API и отправлять к нему запросы с помощью библиотеки Requests.
Для парсинга полученных ответов использовать библиотеку JSON.
При ошибке пользователя (например, введена неправильная или несуществующая валюта или неправильно введено число) вызывать собственно написанное исключение APIException с текстом пояснения ошибки.
Текст любой ошибки с указанием типа ошибки должен отправляться пользователю в сообщения.
Для отправки запросов к API описать класс со статическим методом get_price(), который принимает три аргумента: имя валюты, цену на которую надо узнать, — base, имя валюты, цену в которой надо узнать, — quote, количество переводимой валюты — amount и возвращает нужную сумму в валюте.
Токен telegramm-бота хранить в специальном конфиге (можно использовать .py файл).
Все классы спрятать в файле extensions.py.

